[Music]
this is some huge house hello
why you hiding that bear you don't have
to hide from me I'm as harmless as
cherry coke
those are your hands those are Yuri
I think you should just come home with
me Joyce I just saw this strange guy
driving with PEG did you give a good
look at it
[Music]
Kim this is Edward who's gonna live with
us
well this must be quite a change for you
right edge those things are cool
can I bring show-and-tell on Monday he's
a highly imaginative character it seems
clear that he is awareness of what we
call reality is radically underdeveloped
you take my very breath away do you have
a girlfriend there's there's some
special lady in your life
[Music]
phone dr. Stewart chip scratch the power
of Satan isn't him I can feel it all
along I felt in my gut there was
something wrong with him
from Tim Burton comes the most
incredible tale of a most unusual
character
[Music]
Edward Scissorhands I can't